# OperatingPlatforms
The client, The Gaming Room, is looking for a web game application is seeking to 
develop a web-based version of their game “Draw It or Lose It”.  Currently it is 
only available on Android.  The web-based version of the game will need to be 
scaled for both mobile and desktop platforms.  Since it will be web-based we can 
consolidate on a single web-based language rather than scripting for each platform
that can connect to the Internet. 

In developing the document, the task that was done well is the comparison of 
operating system choices and memory/storage management techniques.  By using 
virtual memory, the software can utilize more hardware and affords easy scalability.

The discovery process of technology options was the most helpful to create the 
fastest code development timeline.  With all the techniques set in place, developers
can work faster and build modular code that can be picked up by another team in 
the event of a team pivot. 

The one area I would like to improve in the Software Design Document is the Domain
Model View.  Improvements would be done in the form of a more detailed explanation
of the UML relationships where non-technical members of The Gaming Room can 
understand how each of the relationships affect the functionality of the program. 

The user's primary needs are interpreted in the Executive Summary and Design 
Constraints.  The user's needs are implemented in the Recommendations.  It is 
important to consider the user's needs when designing in order to avoid missing 
the desired program targets.  If the client is unhappy with the first production 
development that would cause a re-design and wasted efforts.  

I approached the software design process first by understanding the design 
limitations.  By working from constraints, the design document used technical
strategies like UML diagrams to showcase the capabilities of the software and 
project scope to clearly define the workload.  For future projects, expanding on 
UML diagrams to clearly identify the functions for the clients could benefit the 
project by setting the correct expectations once the first production development 
comes online. 
